The purpose of this git repo is to house all the things that i created during comp20!

Its so hard to pick a favourite i loved all the assingments and labs for different reasons! assignment 3 because i learned so much from it and how well i implemented it assignment 2 because it was the flashiest and most impressive from a show it off to someone perspective, assignment 1 because i got to make a LOT of jokes, the captions lab! because it was super hard, at the time, and i got to be funny there too! and it just produced a great end result. 

I've grown so much since day 1 of this course, every assignment and lab just felt like it was taking forever for me to complete so just sort of sticking to completing them in time, and not getting derailed every time I faced an issue (which was a lot of times, the TA's can attest to this) was a challenge. It was definitely the hardest course for me for this semester.

One of the most important things you learn in this course is how to learn from scratch, and finding ways to deal with things you've never dealt with before. The web is a vast and complicated behemoth, so its not possible to know a whole lot about it, rather you have to learn to be flexible, and learn to learn things on the fly, from a techincal stand point I learned to use Javascript and mongoDB! and learned to use all sorts of resources/tools that developers use be it xml/css/html/js validators, libraries, APIs, and learning to sort of narrow your scope, because theres so many things to learn its, overwhelming. You have to learn to identify what details are important to learn for the current application, and what can be left for later, and not waste your time getting caught up in all the details, which is what I think I've learned, to handle large amounts of information just a bit better, wether it comes to reading up stuff on google when I'm stuck, or reading an assigned reading. 

The web is a vast and complicated behemoth, this course shows you a slice of each of the aspects of developing a web application. Be it developing a user interface (functionality, aesthetics), developing a server/back end(speed, scalability) the pros and cons of using any given language for a given application (some are more suited to certain tasks because of the presence of things like libraries), and the way those languages work , the engineering and design (getting from idea to spec), of any application, web security(protect user information, prevent the webapp from breaking (NEVER EVER TRUST USER INPUT)). I'd like to delve deeper into any/all of these areas.